I'm Elise oh hi hey guys me
hey guys me hello hi hey guys meet you
Anson I am just getting ready to head
out to time zone in McCrory pockets just
opened I'm super excited because I know
it's going to be so much fun and I love
time bank 3 so I'm super excited to head
to this time zone event there is going
to be lots of other youtubers there I
think and social media important so my
right Hendriks
we are heading to time zone and we're so
excited very exciting like I've
literally never been this excited in my
life I love time zone I've actually
never seen you so excited yeah well let
you know how fun it is and you guys
should totally go check out time zone
yeah yeah yeah I'm think so we just got
the time zone I've got my
I'm Zen garden and the center is here
I'm so excited closing games I love time
zone there's so many things to do at
times over quality talk all your
favorite games are here including this
classic ball roll again
it's a shame I wasn't very good at it
painting for games reason to always to
get a swipe your card and viola one of
my favorite ones to play as new Angry
Birds game it's super realistic and
super fun I just couldn't get enough of
murdering those darn pigs but don't
think we're left without a good old
dance-off I love putting my dancing
shoes to the test
even if Anna and I weren't very good
don't quit your day job Tom there's also
a load of shoot-'em-up games which I
really enjoy playing I may have been a
little bit scared though and after all
the fun and games you can always make
time for a quick selfie in the
photobooth decent pout am i right tom so
come on down and check out times in the
quarry park you'll love it
[Music]
we just left timezone Sam had a bit of a
call your I'm not times over
lilium related so check that out okay
the video thank you so much time zone
for having us
I had such a fun time and going to
definitely check out time boom that
McQuarrie saw just go 35 transection or
visit time zone combo a you to check out
other store locations thanks for
watching guys mystical like comment and
subscribe to my comment and subscribe
[Music]